TESTI quando ci si incontra:
alien: ...phone home...
ciro: do you need anything? can i help you?
alien: ...phone home...
ciro: guess i'll just bring you with me


lion: i am so tired of this place... please help me!!
ciro: sure, what do you want me to do?
lione: this place is not home to me, i want to go back to the savana
ciro: great! i'll try and bring you there

old guy: good morning young man! you look smart and i need somebody to help me go home
ciro: good morning old guy! where do you want me to take you?
old guy: gotta feed the pigeons, bet they miss me a lot! take me to the wooden bench, thank you. 

keys woman: good morning! just wanted to let you know that i can give you whatever you need!
ciro: for free?
keys woman: let's not exaggerate.. for example, a key is just 10 coins. affordable, right?
ciro: a key is exactly what i need! i'll come back as soon as i earn enough money

keys woman: hey, i think you might need a key! it's 10 coins, if you want it.
ciro: a key is what i need! here's the money.

flat earth society president: the Earth is flat!! the government and NASA are lying, nobody can prove me wrong!! AHHHH!
flat earth society president: Australia doesnt exist!! and neither does Molise! AHHHH!
flat earth society president: pay attention, this world is secretly a dangerous flat tilemap!

ciro: i need seven keys to open the door, i'm so tired and i can't wait to find them so i can sleep!!

pietro and stefano: we're two wandering musicians, but we can't keep practicing our art here.
ciro: oh, may i know why?
pietro and stefano: not so surprisingly, people don't appreciate our music and we need a quiet place where we can play our terrible flutes!
ciro: i personally think the rubbish dump would match your music perfectly, and it's pretty quiet.

TESTI quando ci  si lascia:
pietro and stefano: this place is kinda smelly but thank you a lot anyway!
lion: i finally feel free. i'm so grateful.
old guy: me and the pigeons thank you! heres the money for some ice cream
alien: ............





 